[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and well here I bring you the
reality of how things are the day
before the concert at the Cartuja Center
this event organized by Fidel
Carrasco himself and I don't know if Anabel
Dueñas is participating I think that the concert will
be something like what they broadcast on
Telecinco not that which was going to be donated to the
Ana Bella Foundation and it still seems that they do
n't have much news because they haven't been
able to do the math no the
reality
is what you are seeing on screen
there are many magazines that were saying
yesterday that it was a success then on the other
hand there was the Blue Tide saying that it was
a complete failure and the reality is what you
are seeing on screen
personally let's see you are seeing that
the reds in what is occupied and what
is colored
what can still be bought
personally let's see here I have not
started to tell it I don't think it's necessary
so at first glance we can see that
I would say that more than half, I would say
that more than half is sold it
is a success man a success not a success
a success has not been worth filling no  has
filled we are talking about about
two thousand and two seats out
of two thousand and two thousand seats in a
city like Seville in a concert in
which we are talking about
several powerful artists are participating such as
Pastora Soler man well it does not sell out in
2002 a seat it is a success it is not a
failure neither is it okay being
sincere to have a failure a failure is
not that short it is that short
today I am going to explain to you why because
of all these seats that you see that
are in red not what are the ones that have already been
sold of all these seats
are in red that there are a lot of giveaways everything
that are friends of the family friends
of Rocío Carrasco
famous press or
people who come to
make an appearance and to
promote the event a little I could not
say how many we would have to see how many
are given away but man less than
less than 100 150 no less I say
no then we are not talking about a
complete failure but man
short I would not say that it is a
failure either but that it is short or if it is
short that sincerely we are
talking about that  We are in a city
like Seville, okay, we
are talking about the fact that we are in a
city like Seville, 2,000 tickets, of
which, according to what was counted in
Federico's program, what was going to be donated on
this occasion to the Ana Bella Foundation
would be one euro per ticket, that is, a
maximum of two thousand euros. I do
n't know, here you have the real numbers.
Okay, I don't like sensationalism, I don't like it when it's
exaggerated, for better or
for worse. Sincerely, I think it's a bit
short. I wouldn't say under any
circumstances that it's maybe a resounding
failure, not the worst, but it's as short as it is,
and of course much less a
success as
some magazines are saying. I hope
the family situation is clear to you and I'll
see you in the next video. A
hug.
[Music]